the Book of Micah the word of the Lord
became - Micah of murder chef in the
days of jotham ahaz and hezekiah kings
of judah which he saw concerning Samaria
and Jerusalem
here all you peoples listen o earth and
all that is in it
let the Lord God be a witness against
you the Lord from his holy temple for
behold the Lord is coming out of his
place he will come down and tread on the
high places of the earth the mountains
will melt under him and the valleys will
split like wax before the fire like
waters pour down a steep place all this
is for the transgression of Jacob and
for the sins of the house of Israel
what is the transgression of Jacob is it
not Samaria and what are the high places
of Judah are they not Jerusalem
therefore I will make Samaria a heap of
ruins in the field places for planting a
vineyard I will pour down her stones
into the valley and I will uncover her
foundations all her carved images shall
be beaten to pieces and all her pay as a
harlot shall be burned with the fire all
her idols I will lay desolate for she
gathered it from the pay of a harlot and
they shall return to the pay of a harlot
therefore I will wail and howl
I will go stripped and naked I will make
a wailing like the Jackals and the
morning like the ostriches for her
wounds are incurable for it has come to
Judah it has come to the gate of my
people to Jerusalem
tell it not in Gath weep not at all in
Beth Afra roll yourself in the dust pass
by in naked shame you inhabitant of
Schaeffer the inhabitant of Zion and
does not go out Beth easel mourns its
place to stand as taken away from you
for the inhabitant of may rise pine for
good but disaster came down from the
Lord to the gate of Jerusalem o
inhabitant of lakish harness the chariot
to the Swift steeds she was the
beginning of sin to the daughter of Zion
for the transgressions of Israel were
found in you therefore you shall give
presents to mow reshef Gath the houses
of axe it shall be a lie to the kings of
Israel I will yet bring an heir to you o
inhabitant of Marisha the glory of
Israel shall come to add ullam make
yourself bald and cut off your hair
because of your precious children and
large your baldness like an eagle for
they shall go from you into captivity
[Music]
you